Update Chapter 4 for JHipster 7 (#76)
mraible/jhipster-book: src/docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/chapter4.adoc

[quote, Martin Fowler]
You shouldn't start with a microservices architecture. Instead, begin with a monolith, keep it modular, and split it into microservices once the monolith becomes a problem.

== Reactive Java microservices

> Spring Boot 2.0 introduced a new web framework called Spring WebFlux. Previous versions of Spring Boot only shipped with Spring MVC as an option. WebFlux offers a way for developers to do _reactive programming_. This means you can write your code with familiar syntax and, as a result, your app will use fewer resources and scale better.

Reviewer: I see you have reactive programming defined in the [actions section](https://github.com/mraible/jhipster-book/pull/76/files#diff-234a062e41ebd4f371065cfa2f51ea245a696e25531e5a00eaf4fc77ac72be17R27), I think it might will be helpful to the reader to include a hyperlink to the citation as reactive programming isn't defined in the text here.

In this example, I'll show you how to build a reactive microservices architecture with JHipster. As part of this process, you'll be generating three applications and running several others.

* Generate a gateway.
* Generate a blog microservice.
* Generate a store microservice.
* Run Consul, Keycloak, Neo4j, and MongoDB.

=== Introducing Micro Frontends

Before JHipster 7.9.0, if you generated a microservice architecture with a UI, the gateway would be a monolithic UI. This means the gateway would contain all the Angular, React, or Vue files. This creates a tight-coupling between the gateway and the microservices it routes to. If you want to change the UI for a microservice, you have to redeploy the gateway too. This is a problem because you should be able to deploy your microservices independently.

You can solve this problem with micro frontends. Micro frontends are a way to break up your UI into smaller, independent pieces. JHipster added support for micro-frontends in 7.9.0. Microfrontends provide a way for you to remotely load and execute code at runtime so your microservice's UI can live in the same artifact without being coupled to the gateway!

> NOTE: In the previous paragraph, you might notice I spelled micro frontends three different ways. The current literature is https://twitter.com/mraible/status/1499098253920460802[all over the place] on this one! I'm going to use "micro frontends" for the remainder of this chapter since that's what https://twitter.com/thecamjackson[Cam Jackson] used in his https://martinfowler.com/articles/micro-frontends.html[Micro Frontends article] on Martin Fowler's blog.

Reviewer: Glad you added this note, I was about to comment on this inconsistency! Haha

You'll be redirected back to the gateway, but the **Entities** menu won't have any links because the micro frontends it tries to load are unavailable.

.The gateway's entities are unavailable
image::chapter4/gateway-entities-unavailable.png[JHipster microservices architecture, 1155, scaledwidth=100%, align=center]

Start the `blog` by opening a terminal and navigating to its directory. Then, start its database with Docker and the app with Gradle.

[source,shell]
----
npm run docker:db:up
./gradlew
----

Open a new terminal and do the same for the `store` microservice.

You can verify everything is started using Consul at `\http://localhost:8500`.

.Consul services
image::chapter4/consul-services.png[Consul services, 1184, scaledwidth=100%, align=center]

Refresh the gateway app; you should see menu items to navigate to the microservices now.

.Gateway entities available
image::chapter4/gateway-entities-available.png[Consul services, 1132, scaledwidth=100%, align=center]

=== Zero turnaround development that sparks joy

> At this point, I've only shown you how to run the Spring Boot backends with their packaged React apps. What if you want to work on the UI and have zero turnaround that sparks joy? ✨🤗

Reviewer: >with their packaged React apps
Do you mean to say React apps or reactive apps? 
I'm confused here since you're specifying Angular and mention vue, but not exactly React.

Author: React is used in this example. You can see the JDL for it at https://github.com/jhipster/jdl-samples/blob/main/reactive-mf.jdl. In the beginning, there's this paragraph:

> This tutorial shows you how to build a microservices architecture with JHipster 7.9.3. You’ll generate a gateway (powered by Spring Cloud Gateway), a blog microservice (that talks to Neo4j), a store microservice (that uses MongoDB), and use Docker Compose to make sure it all runs locally. I’ll also provide some pointers on how to deploy it with Kubernetes.

And I mention React is the framework in the JDL. Maybe I should change the opening paragraph to be something like this:

> ... Docker Compose to make sure it all runs locally. The gateway will contain a React shell app that loads the blog and store micro frontends. I’ll also provide some pointers ...

Author: I could also say "run the Spring Boot backends with their packaged React micro frontends."

Reviewer: I like the specificity of that sentence 

```suggestion
At this point, I've only shown you how to run the Spring Boot backends with their packaged React micro frontends. What if you want to work on the UI and have zero turnaround that sparks joy? ✨🤗
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/mraible/jhipster-book/pull/76/commits/3c63c78b317cdc8ac42157a6f1b8df06fcd22d2e.

Modify the code in `gateway/src/main/webapp/app/modules/home/home.tsx` to make a quick change. For example, add the following HTML below the `<h2>`.

[source,html]
----
<h3 className="text-primary">
  Hi, I'm a quick edit!
</h3>
----

You'll see this change immediately appear within your browser.

.Gateway quick edit
image::chapter4/gateway-quick-edit.png[Gateway quick edit, 1132, scaledwidth=100%, align=center]

Remove it, and it'll disappear right away too.

Now, open another terminal and navigate into the `store` directory. Run `npm start`, and you'll have a similar zero-turnaround experience when modifying files in the `store` app. The app will start a webserver on `\http://localhost:9002`, and there will only be one menu item for product. Modify files in the `store/src/main/webapp/app/entities/store/product` directory, and you'll see the changes in your browser immediately. For example, change the wrapper `<div>` in `product.tsx` to have a background color:

[source,html]
----
<div className="bg-info">
----

> The UI will change before you can kbd:[Cmd+Tab] back to your browser.

Reviewer: Is `kbd` a well known initalism? perhaps a link to the [mozilla](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/kbd) docs page would be good? I just heard about kbd as I'm mostly a back end developer and haven't encountered kbd before
